# SGC2020Karmoy

# Case
Build a working commerce implementation. Implement a product, organize products in categories/collections, build a checkout flow (minus payment of course. No phi$hing guys!) We have no special products in mind. Find some fun examples online: T-shirts, hoodies, or maybe a bow tie. You can implement the products and categories/collections in a CMS, pull data from an Open Source API or implement them yourself, it is totally up to you how to get going.  The choice of solution, platform and technology is open. We don’t judge based on specific frameworks or languages. This gives you the freedom to solve the challenge as a website, a smartphone app or something crazy for your TV. Go ahead code something awesome. :)  The development challenge does not require any design or user interface design skills. In this challenge we are evaluating your coding skills, not your design skills. We recommend that you use a free template or copy-paste your layout/UI from somewhere nice.

# Solution
My solution have more of 2m possiblty products (some very rare, most fun,...)Without any database (Why? I don't know, but i didn't want use any backend) 

First, I wanted to do the challenge, but I do it by trolling.
And what have I done Therefore, my e-commerce has no motiv, however, there really is a meta-topic, which is random!

Then, with the KISS principle (Keep it Simple, Stupid), and this is what I have made a home page with all the products, a cart, a search, ... Without forgetting the principles of Robert C. Martin

About the structure and technologies, we have the simplest one an html, a css and two 'name.js' of js that have the product / card and 'js.js' that have the logic and the events, and the use cookies as presence of data



The cards have the same structure as an image taken from "library lorem Ipsum", a name generated by two sets of names, a random price between € 0 and € 100 and a button for add to cart

The first card, there is a filter by categories, the cart with a table and icone for clean the cart,  the button to pay that open a modal for make a ticket.

And finally I have 2 errors,
-Category filter doesn't work when I update DOM, I don't know why selection doesn't work.
-I want to move the cursor over the "link" to show the image. I want to do it with the pointer, but this function does not work less in Internet Explorer.